Update the perfetto profiler documentation (#11938)
godotengine/godot-docs: engine_details/development/profiling/perfetto.rst

Reviewer: The long lines in this needs to be broken up to a reasonable length

        }
    }

.. note::

    Godot records two categories of track events:

    - **godot**: Used to record Godot engine events. This is used for performance analysis. 
      Event tracing overhead should not significantly impact performance. 
      This should be the typical tracing mode for most developers.
    - **godot_scripting**: Used to record Godot scripting events. 
      This is a slow category as it profiles the entire game scripting logic. 
      This is used for code understanding / debugging / finding what caused a frame hitch. 

>       Performance is much slower but it helps to find that one problematic function call that was otherwise hidden.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **godot_scripting**: Used to record Godot scripting events. 
      This is a slow category as it profiles the entire game scripting logic. 
      This is used for code understanding / debugging / finding what caused a frame hitch. 
      Performance is much slower, but it helps to find that one problematic function call that was otherwise hidden.
```

Record a trace
--------------

Finally, launch your game on an Android device using the export templates you
built earlier.

When you're ready to record a trace (for example, when you've hit the part of
your game that is exhibiting performance issues), you can 

> use `this script from the Perfetto Github repo <https://github.com/google/perfetto/blob/main/tools/record_android_trace>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
your game that is exhibiting performance issues), you can 
use `this script from the Perfetto GitHub repository <https://github.com/google/perfetto/blob/main/tools/record_android_trace>`_.
```
